C:\Users\Jorge\Documents\GitHub\DotNetOpenAuth\samples\OAuthAuthorizationServer\obj\Debug\OAuthAuthorizationServer.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DotNetOpenAuthServer\OAuthAuthorizationServer\obj\Debug\OAuthAuthorizationServer.csproj.App.config
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DotNetOpenAuthServer\OAuthAuthorizationServer\bin\OAuthAuthorizationServer.dll.config
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DotNetOpenAuthServer\OAuthAuthorizationServer\bin\OAuthAuthorizationServer.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DotNetOpenAuthServer\OAuthAuthorizationServer\bin\OAuthAuthorizationServer.pdb
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DotNetOpenAuthServer\OAuthAuthorizationServer\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DotNetOpenAuthServer\OAuthAuthorizationServer\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.UI.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DotNetOpenAuthServer\OAuthAuthorizationServer\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.InfoCard.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DotNetOpenAuthServer\OAuthAuthorizationServer\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.InfoCard.UI.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DotNetOpenAuthServer\OAuthAuthorizationServer\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Common.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DotNetOpenAuthServer\OAuthAuthorizationServer\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DotNetOpenAuthServer\OAuthAuthorizationServer\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DotNetOpenAuthServer\OAuthAuthorizationServer\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.ServiceProvider.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DotNetOpenAuthServer\OAuthAuthorizationServer\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth2.AuthorizationServer.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DotNetOpenAuthServer\OAuthAuthorizationServer\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth2.Client.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DotNetOpenAuthServer\OAuthAuthorizationServer\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth2.Client.UI.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DotNetOpenAuthServer\OAuthAuthorizationServer\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth2.ClientAuthorization.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DotNetOpenAuthServer\OAuthAuthorizationServer\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth2.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DotNetOpenAuthServer\OAuthAuthorizationServer\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth2.ResourceServer.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DotNetOpenAuthServer\OAuthAuthorizationServer\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DotNetOpenAuthServer\OAuthAuthorizationServer\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.Provider.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DotNetOpenAuthServer\OAuthAuthorizationServer\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.Provider.UI.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DotNetOpenAuthServer\OAuthAuthorizationServer\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DotNetOpenAuthServer\OAuthAuthorizationServer\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.UI.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DotNetOpenAuthServer\OAuthAuthorizationServer\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.UI.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DotNetOpenAuthServer\OAuthAuthorizationServer\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenIdInfoCard.UI.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DotNetOpenAuthServer\OAuthAuthorizationServer\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenIdOAuth.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DotNetOpenAuthServer\OAuthAuthorizationServer\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DotNetOpenAuthServer\OAuthAuthorizationServer\bin\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DotNetOpenAuthServer\OAuthAuthorizationServer\bin\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DotNetOpenAuthServer\OAuthAuthorizationServer\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DotNetOpenAuthServer\OAuthAuthorizationServer\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DotNetOpenAuthServer\OAuthAuthorizationServer\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DotNetOpenAuthServer\OAuthAuthorizationServer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DotNetOpenAuthServer\OAuthAuthorizationServer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DotNetOpenAuthServer\OAuthAuthorizationServer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DotNetOpenAuthServer\OAuthAuthorizationServer\bin\Org.Mentalis.Security.Cryptography.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DotNetOpenAuthServer\OAuthAuthorizationServer\bin\Mono.Math.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DotNetOpenAuthServer\OAuthAuthorizationServer\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DotNetOpenAuthServer\OAuthAuthorizationServer\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.UI.xml
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DotNetOpenAuthServer\OAuthAuthorizationServer\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.InfoCard.xml
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DotNetOpenAuthServer\OAuthAuthorizationServer\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.InfoCard.UI.xml
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DotNetOpenAuthServer\OAuthAuthorizationServer\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DotNetOpenAuthServer\OAuthAuthorizationServer\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Common.xml
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DotNetOpenAuthServer\OAuthAuthorizationServer\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DotNetOpenAuthServer\OAuthAuthorizationServer\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.ServiceProvider.xml
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DotNetOpenAuthServer\OAuthAuthorizationServer\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth2.xml
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DotNetOpenAuthServer\OAuthAuthorizationServer\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth2.AuthorizationServer.xml
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DotNetOpenAuthServer\OAuthAuthorizationServer\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth2.Client.xml
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DotNetOpenAuthServer\OAuthAuthorizationServer\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth2.Client.UI.xml
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DotNetOpenAuthServer\OAuthAuthorizationServer\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth2.ClientAuthorization.xml
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DotNetOpenAuthServer\OAuthAuthorizationServer\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth2.ResourceServer.xml
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DotNetOpenAuthServer\OAuthAuthorizationServer\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DotNetOpenAuthServer\OAuthAuthorizationServer\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.Provider.xml
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DotNetOpenAuthServer\OAuthAuthorizationServer\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.Provider.UI.xml
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DotNetOpenAuthServer\OAuthAuthorizationServer\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DotNetOpenAuthServer\OAuthAuthorizationServer\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.UI.xml
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DotNetOpenAuthServer\OAuthAuthorizationServer\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.UI.xml
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DotNetOpenAuthServer\OAuthAuthorizationServer\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenIdInfoCard.UI.xml
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DotNetOpenAuthServer\OAuthAuthorizationServer\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenIdOAuth.xml
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DotNetOpenAuthServer\OAuthAuthorizationServer\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.xml
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DotNetOpenAuthServer\OAuthAuthorizationServer\bin\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DotNetOpenAuthServer\OAuthAuthorizationServer\bin\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DotNetOpenAuthServer\OAuthAuthorizationServer\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DotNetOpenAuthServer\OAuthAuthorizationServer\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DotNetOpenAuthServer\OAuthAuthorizationServer\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DotNetOpenAuthServer\OAuthAuthorizationServer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DotNetOpenAuthServer\OAuthAuthorizationServer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DotNetOpenAuthServer\OAuthAuthorizationServer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DotNetOpenAuthServer\OAuthAuthorizationServer\bin\Org.Mentalis.Security.Cryptography.xml
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DotNetOpenAuthServer\OAuthAuthorizationServer\bin\Mono.Math.xml
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DotNetOpenAuthServer\OAuthAuthorizationServer\obj\Debug\OAuthAuthorizationServer.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DotNetOpenAuthServer\OAuthAuthorizationServer\obj\Debug\OAuthAuthorizationServer.pdb
C:\Users\Jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DotNetOpenAuthServer\OAuthAuthorizationServer\obj\Debug\OAuthAuthorizationServer.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
